docs: rename version control workflow to gitops workflow (#694)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/vcs-integration/enable-version-control-workflow.md

---

> You have now enabled the version control workflow for your project. Bytebase will start observe SQL file changes from the linked repository. The last task is to [name and organize the schema files](/docs/vcs-integration/name-and-organize-schema-files) in the linked repository directory so that Bytebase can figure out for a given SQL file change, which database it should apply to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have now enabled the GitOps workflow for your project. Bytebase will start observe SQL file changes from the linked repository. The last task is to [name and organize the schema files](/docs/vcs-integration/name-and-organize-schema-files) in the linked repository directory so that Bytebase can figure out for a given SQL file change, which database it should apply to.
```
